                           Electronic Arts (EA) terms

  Not for commercial profit: Derivatives of this Product cannot be sold,
licensed, rented for a fee, cannot contain features that would support monetary
transactions of any type, nor can be used to advertise any goods or services.

  Respect the rights of others: Derivatives of this Product must not infringe
any copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret or other intellectual property
right of any third party and will not include content that is unlawful,
tortious, defamatory, obscene, invasive of the privacy of another person,
threatening, harassing, abusive, hateful, racist or otherwise objectionable or
inappropriate. Electronic Arts (EA) requires that derivative products do not
include any material that would not be allowed under the age ratings for any
applicable C&C game(s). The C&C franchise usually has an age rating of
ESRB T (Teen) and PEGI 16+, and similar ratings from other ratings boards around
the world.

  No EA affiliation: You must include the following statement prominently at the
top of your website and in at least one root-level license file in any
source-code repositories for your project (e.g., a README file or equivalent):
"EA has not endorsed and does not support this product."
Do not promote your derivative Product in a way that suggests that it is
endorsed or approved by or affiliated with EA in any manner. Do not use EA
artwork, logos or trademarks (including game logo treatments, the names
Electronic Arts, EA or "Command & Conquer" or the logos or names) to promote
your derivative Product. However, you may state that your derivative Product is
for Command & Conquer and/or for a specific C&C game or expansion pack in the
franchise (e.g., "Command & Conquer", "Tiberian Dawn", "Red Alert", "Renegade",
"Generals", and/or "Kane's Wrath", as applicable).

  Safety & integrity: Derivatives of this Product must not jeopardize the
integrity of the gameplay or harm the experience of others and must not
interfere with or disrupt any of EA's services, servers or networks, such as by
introducing malware or by circumventing any of EA's content protection measures
for its services. To maintain the integrity of C&C and ensure the best possible
gaming experience for our players, EA reserves the right, in its sole
discretion, to revoke permission to use, distribute or make derivatives of this
Product at any time and to take disciplinary action against players who take
part in any of these activities.

Intellectual property ownership; license from EA: C&C Assets, including game
code, art, music, and all other content, are and shall remain the sole and
exclusive property of EA (the "C&C Assets"). To the extent any C&C Assets are
used in derivatives of this Product, EA grants the content creator a revocable,
limited, non-exclusive, non-commercial license to use the C&C Assets solely in
connection with, and as a part of, the derivates of this Product and subject to
the terms of this Policy. Derivatives of this Product must not include any music
files from any C&C games. EA reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to
revoke this license at any time.

  Abide by all other EA rules: These guidelines supplement and do not supersede
any other EA rules that apply to derivatives of this Product, including the
GPL license <LICENSE> terms and conditions and the EA User Agreement
<https://terms.ea.com>, which are specifically incorporated into this Policy.
In the event that the terms of this Policy are in conflict with the terms of
these other EA rules, the terms of this Policy will supersede and govern. For
clarity, Mods constitute "UGC" (User Generated Content) as that term is defined
in the EA User Agreement.


                            The Super Hackers terms

  This product is free software: You can redistribute it and/or modify it under
the terms of the GPL license <LICENSE.txt>. If you do not wish to publish your
derivative Product under this license, then you must not use any work of this
Product in your distribution.

  Not for commercial profit: Derivatives of this Product cannot solicit
donations.
